.TH "Pre-defined values for CTL interface" 3 "25 Jun 2013" "Version 1.0.2" "Opus" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Pre-defined values for CTL interface \- 
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_AUTO\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAuto/default setting. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_BITRATE_MAX\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum bitrate. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_APPLICATION_VOIP\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBest for most VoIP/videoconference applications where listening quality and intelligibility matter most. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_APPLICATION_AUDIO\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBest for broadcast/high-fidelity application where the decoded audio should be as close as possible to the input. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_APPLICATION_RESTRICTED_LOWDELAY\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOnly use when lowest-achievable latency is what matters most. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_SIGNAL_VOICE\fP   3001"
.br
.RI "\fISignal being encoded is voice. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_SIGNAL_MUSIC\fP   3002"
.br
.RI "\fISignal being encoded is music. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_BANDWIDTH_NARROWBAND\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI4 kHz bandpass \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_BANDWIDTH_MEDIUMBAND\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI6 kHz bandpass \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_BANDWIDTH_WIDEBAND\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI8 kHz bandpass \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_BANDWIDTH_SUPERWIDEBAND\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI12 kHz bandpass \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOPUS_BANDWIDTH_FULLBAND\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI20 kHz bandpass \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBGeneric CTLs\fP, \fBEncoder related CTLs\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define OPUS_APPLICATION_AUDIO"
.PP
Best for broadcast/high-fidelity application where the decoded audio should be as close as possible to the input. 
.SS "#define OPUS_APPLICATION_RESTRICTED_LOWDELAY"
.PP
Only use when lowest-achievable latency is what matters most. Voice-optimized modes cannot be used. 
.SS "#define OPUS_APPLICATION_VOIP"
.PP
Best for most VoIP/videoconference applications where listening quality and intelligibility matter most. 
.SS "#define OPUS_AUTO"
.PP
Auto/default setting. 
.SS "#define OPUS_BANDWIDTH_FULLBAND"
.PP
20 kHz bandpass 
.SS "#define OPUS_BANDWIDTH_MEDIUMBAND"
.PP
6 kHz bandpass 
.SS "#define OPUS_BANDWIDTH_NARROWBAND"
.PP
4 kHz bandpass 
.SS "#define OPUS_BANDWIDTH_SUPERWIDEBAND"
.PP
12 kHz bandpass 
.SS "#define OPUS_BANDWIDTH_WIDEBAND"
.PP
8 kHz bandpass 
.SS "#define OPUS_BITRATE_MAX"
.PP
Maximum bitrate. 
.SS "#define OPUS_SIGNAL_MUSIC   3002"
.PP
Signal being encoded is music. 
.SS "#define OPUS_SIGNAL_VOICE   3001"
.PP
Signal being encoded is voice. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Opus from the source code.
